NAME                                VERSION                                  TYPE      
APScheduler                         3.10.1                                   python     
Babel                               2.12.1                                   python     
Deprecated                          1.2.13                                   python     
Flask                               2.1.3                                    python     
Flask-Dance                         6.2.0                                    python     
Flask-Limiter                       3.3.0                                    python     
Flask-Login                         0.6.2                                    python     
Flask-Principal                     0.4.0                                    python     
Flask-SimpleLDAP                    1.4.0                                    python     
Flask-WTF                           1.1.1                                    python     
Jinja2                              3.1.2                                    python     
Levenshtein                         0.20.9                                   python     
MarkupSafe                          2.1.2                                    python     
PyDrive2                            1.15.1                                   python     
PySocks                             1.7.1                                    python     
PyYAML                              6.0                                      python     
Pygments                            2.14.0                                   python     
SQLAlchemy                          1.4.47                                   python     
SQLAlchemy-Utils                    0.39.0                                   python     
Sphinx                              6.1.3                                    python     
URLObject                           2.4.3                                    python     
Unidecode                           1.3.6                                    python     
WTForms                             3.0.1                                    python     
Wand                                0.6.11                                   python     
Werkzeug                            2.0.3                                    python     
adduser                             3.118ubuntu5                             deb        
advocate                            1.0.0                                    python     
alabaster                           0.7.13                                   python     
anyio                               3.6.2                                    python     
apt                                 2.4.8                                    deb        
apt-utils                           2.4.8                                    deb        
arrow                               1.2.3                                    python     
async-generator                     1.10                                     python     
attrs                               22.2.0                                   python     
backports-abc                       0.5                                      python     
base-files                          12ubuntu4.3                              deb        
base-passwd                         3.5.52build1                             deb        
bash                                5.1-6ubuntu1                             deb        
beautifulsoup4                      4.11.2                                   python     
bibtexparser                        1.4.0                                    python     
blinker                             1.5                                      python     
bsdutils                            1:2.37.2-4ubuntu3                        deb        
ca-certificates                     20211016ubuntu0.22.04.1                  deb        
cachetools                          5.3.0                                    python     
certifi                             2022.12.7                                python     
cffi                                1.15.1                                   python     
chardet                             4.0.0                                    python     
charset-normalizer                  3.1.0                                    python     
click                               8.1.3                                    python     
comicapi                            2.2.1                                    python     
coreutils                           8.32-4.1ubuntu1                          deb        
cryptography                        40.0.1                                   python     
curl                                7.81.0-1ubuntu1.10                       deb        
dash                                0.5.11+git20210903+057cd650a4ed-3build1  deb        
debconf                             1.5.79ubuntu1                            deb        
debianutils                         5.5-1ubuntu2                             deb        
diffutils                           1:3.8-0ubuntu2                           deb        
dirmngr                             2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb        
docutils                            0.18.1                                   python     
dpkg                                1.21.1ubuntu2.1                          deb        
dpkg-dev                            1.21.1ubuntu2.1                          deb        
e2fsprogs                           1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                        deb        
exceptiongroup                      1.1.1                                    python     
fake-useragent                      1.1.3                                    python     
faust-cchardet                      2.1.18                                   python     
findutils                           4.8.0-1ubuntu3                           deb        
flask-babel                         3.0.1                                    python     
fontconfig-config                   2.13.1-4.2ubuntu5                        deb        
fonts-urw-base35                    20200910-1                               deb        
free-proxy                          1.1.1                                    python     
gcc-12-base                         12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                    deb        
gevent                              22.10.2                                  python     
ghostscript                         9.55.0~dfsg1-0ubuntu5.1                  deb        
github.com/beevik/etree             v1.1.0                                   go-module  
github.com/kr/smartypants           v0.1.0                                   go-module  
github.com/pgaskin/kepubify/_/html  v0.0.0-20211223234002-6ee2cc632cdc       go-module  
github.com/pgaskin/kepubify/v4      (devel)                                  go-module  
github.com/spf13/pflag              v1.0.5                                   go-module  
gnupg                               2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb        
gnupg-l10n                          2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb        
gnupg-utils                         2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb        
golang.org/x/sync                   v0.0.0-20210220032951-036812b2e83c       go-module  
golang.org/x/text                   v0.3.6                                   go-module  
goodreads                           0.3.2                                    python     
google-api-core                     2.11.0                                   python     
google-api-python-client            2.83.0                                   python     
google-auth                         2.17.1                                   python     
google-auth-httplib2                0.1.0                                    python     
google-auth-oauthlib                0.8.0                                    python     
googleapis-common-protos            1.59.0                                   python     
gpg                                 2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb        
gpg-agent                           2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb        
gpg-wks-client                      2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb        
gpg-wks-server                      2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb        
gpgconf                             2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb        
gpgsm                               2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb        
gpgv                                2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb        
greenlet                            2.0.2                                    python     
grep                                3.7-1build1                              deb        
gzip                                1.10-4ubuntu4.1                          deb        
h11                                 0.14.0                                   python     
hicolor-icon-theme                  0.17-2                                   deb        
hostname                            3.23ubuntu2                              deb        
html2text                           2020.1.16                                python     
httpcore                            0.16.3                                   python     
httplib2                            0.22.0                                   python     
httpx                               0.23.3                                   python     
idna                                3.4                                      python     
imagemagick                         8:6.9.11.60+dfsg-1.3ubuntu0.22.04.3      deb        
imagemagick-6-common                8:6.9.11.60+dfsg-1.3ubuntu0.22.04.3      deb        
imagemagick-6.q16                   8:6.9.11.60+dfsg-1.3ubuntu0.22.04.3      deb        
imagesize                           1.4.1                                    python     
importlib-resources                 5.12.0                                   python     
init-system-helpers                 1.62                                     deb        
iso-639                             0.4.5                                    python     
itsdangerous                        2.1.2                                    python     
jq                                  1.6-2.1ubuntu3                           deb        
jsonschema                          4.17.3                                   python     
libacl1                             2.3.1-1                                  deb        
libaom3                             3.3.0-1                                  deb        
libapt-pkg6.0                       2.4.8                                    deb        
libassuan0                          2.5.5-1build1                            deb        
libattr1                            1:2.5.1-1build1                          deb        
libaudit-common                     1:3.0.7-1build1                          deb        
libaudit1                           1:3.0.7-1build1                          deb        
libavahi-client3                    0.8-5ubuntu5                             deb        
libavahi-common-data                0.8-5ubuntu5                             deb        
libavahi-common3                    0.8-5ubuntu5                             deb        
libblkid1                           2.37.2-4ubuntu3                          deb        
libbrotli1                          1.0.9-2build6                            deb        
libbsd0                             0.11.5-1                                 deb        
libbz2-1.0                          1.0.8-5build1                            deb        
libc-bin                            2.35-0ubuntu3.1                          deb        
libc6                               2.35-0ubuntu3.1                          deb        
libcap-ng0                          0.7.9-2.2build3                          deb        
libcap2                             1:2.44-1build3                           deb        
libcom-err2                         1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                        deb        
libcrypt1                           1:4.4.27-1                               deb        
libcups2                            2.4.1op1-1ubuntu4.1                      deb        
libcurl4                            7.81.0-1ubuntu1.10                       deb        
libdav1d5                           0.9.2-1                                  deb        
libdb5.3                            5.3.28+dfsg1-0.8ubuntu3                  deb        
libdbus-1-3                         1.12.20-2ubuntu4.1                       deb        
libde265-0                          1.0.8-1                                  deb        
libdebconfclient0                   0.261ubuntu1                             deb        
libdeflate0                         1.10-2                                   deb        
libexpat1                           2.4.7-1ubuntu0.2                         deb        
libext2fs2                          1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                        deb        
libffi8                             3.4.2-4                                  deb        
libfftw3-double3                    3.3.8-2ubuntu8                           deb        
libfontconfig1                      2.13.1-4.2ubuntu5                        deb        
libfreetype6                        2.11.1+dfsg-1ubuntu0.1                   deb        
libgcc-s1                           12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                    deb        
libgcrypt20                         1.9.4-3ubuntu3                           deb        
libglib2.0-0                        2.72.4-0ubuntu1                          deb        
libgmp10                            2:6.2.1+dfsg-3ubuntu1                    deb        
libgnutls30                         3.7.3-4ubuntu1.2                         deb        
libgomp1                            12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                    deb        
libgpg-error0                       1.43-3                                   deb        
libgs9                              9.55.0~dfsg1-0ubuntu5.1                  deb        
libgs9-common                       9.55.0~dfsg1-0ubuntu5.1                  deb        
libgssapi-krb5-2                    1.19.2-2ubuntu0.1                        deb        
libheif1                            1.12.0-2build1                           deb        
libhogweed6                         3.7.3-1build2                            deb        
libicu70                            70.1-2                                   deb        
libidn12                            1.38-4build1                             deb        
libidn2-0                           2.3.2-2build1                            deb        
libijs-0.35                         0.35-15build2                            deb        
libjbig0                            2.1-3.1ubuntu0.22.04.1                   deb        
libjbig2dec0                        0.19-3build2                             deb        
libjpeg-turbo8                      2.1.2-0ubuntu1                           deb        
libjpeg8                            8c-2ubuntu10                             deb        
libjq1                              1.6-2.1ubuntu3                           deb        
libjs-jquery                        3.6.0+dfsg+~3.5.13-1                     deb        
libk5crypto3                        1.19.2-2ubuntu0.1                        deb        
libkeyutils1                        1.6.1-2ubuntu3                           deb        
libkrb5-3                           1.19.2-2ubuntu0.1                        deb        
libkrb5support0                     1.19.2-2ubuntu0.1                        deb        
libksba8                            1.6.0-2ubuntu0.2                         deb        
liblcms2-2                          2.12~rc1-2build2                         deb        
libldap-2.5-0                       2.5.14+dfsg-0ubuntu0.22.04.1             deb        
libldap-common                      2.5.14+dfsg-0ubuntu0.22.04.1             deb        
liblqr-1-0                          0.4.2-2.1                                deb        
libltdl7                            2.4.6-15build2                           deb        
liblz4-1                            1.9.3-2build2                            deb        
liblzma5                            5.2.5-2ubuntu1                           deb        
libmagickcore-6.q16-6               8:6.9.11.60+dfsg-1.3ubuntu0.22.04.3      deb        
libmagickwand-6.q16-6               8:6.9.11.60+dfsg-1.3ubuntu0.22.04.3      deb        
libmd0                              1.0.4-1build1                            deb        
libmount1                           2.37.2-4ubuntu3                          deb        
libmpdec3                           2.5.1-2build2                            deb        
libncurses6                         6.3-2                                    deb        
libncursesw6                        6.3-2                                    deb        
libnettle8                          3.7.3-1build2                            deb        
libnghttp2-14                       1.43.0-1build3                           deb        
libnpth0                            1.6-3build2                              deb        
libnsl2                             1.3.0-2build2                            deb        
libnspr4                            2:4.32-3build1                           deb        
libnss3                             2:3.68.2-0ubuntu1.2                      deb        
libnuma1                            2.0.14-3ubuntu2                          deb        
libonig5                            6.9.7.1-2build1                          deb        
libopenjp2-7                        2.4.0-6                                  deb        
libp11-kit0                         0.24.0-6build1                           deb        
libpam-modules                      1.4.0-11ubuntu2.3                        deb        
libpam-modules-bin                  1.4.0-11ubuntu2.3                        deb        
libpam-runtime                      1.4.0-11ubuntu2.3                        deb        
libpam0g                            1.4.0-11ubuntu2.3                        deb        
libpaper1                           1.1.28build2                             deb        
libpcre2-8-0                        10.39-3ubuntu0.1                         deb        
libpcre3                            2:8.39-13ubuntu0.22.04.1                 deb        
libpng16-16                         1.6.37-3build5                           deb        
libprocps8                          2:3.3.17-6ubuntu2                        deb        
libpsl5                             0.21.0-1.2build2                         deb        
libpthread-stubs0-dev               0.4-1build2                              deb        
libpython3-stdlib                   3.10.6-1~22.04                           deb        
libpython3.10-minimal               3.10.6-1~22.04.2ubuntu1                  deb        
libpython3.10-stdlib                3.10.6-1~22.04.2ubuntu1                  deb        
libreadline8                        8.1.2-1                                  deb        
librtmp1                            2.4+20151223.gitfa8646d.1-2build4        deb        
libsasl2-2                          2.1.27+dfsg2-3ubuntu1.2                  deb        
libsasl2-modules                    2.1.27+dfsg2-3ubuntu1.2                  deb        
libsasl2-modules-db                 2.1.27+dfsg2-3ubuntu1.2                  deb        
libseccomp2                         2.5.3-2ubuntu2                           deb        
libselinux1                         3.3-1build2                              deb        
libsemanage-common                  3.3-1build2                              deb        
libsemanage2                        3.3-1build2                              deb        
libsepol2                           3.3-1build1                              deb        
libsmartcols1                       2.37.2-4ubuntu3                          deb        
libsqlite3-0                        3.37.2-2ubuntu0.1                        deb        
libss2                              1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                        deb        
libssh-4                            0.9.6-2build1                            deb        
libssl3                             3.0.2-0ubuntu1.8                         deb        
libstdc++6                          12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                    deb        
libsystemd0                         249.11-0ubuntu3.7                        deb        
libtasn1-6                          4.18.0-4build1                           deb        
libtiff5                            4.3.0-6ubuntu0.4                         deb        
libtinfo6                           6.3-2                                    deb        
libtirpc-common                     1.3.2-2ubuntu0.1                         deb        
libtirpc3                           1.3.2-2ubuntu0.1                         deb        
libudev1                            249.11-0ubuntu3.7                        deb        
libunistring2                       1.0-1                                    deb        
libuuid1                            2.37.2-4ubuntu3                          deb        
libwebp7                            1.2.2-2                                  deb        
libwebpdemux2                       1.2.2-2                                  deb        
libwebpmux3                         1.2.2-2                                  deb        
libx11-6                            2:1.7.5-1                                deb        
libx11-data                         2:1.7.5-1                                deb        
libx11-dev                          2:1.7.5-1                                deb        
libx265-199                         3.5-2                                    deb        
libxau-dev                          1:1.0.9-1build5                          deb        
libxau6                             1:1.0.9-1build5                          deb        
libxcb1                             1.14-3ubuntu3                            deb        
libxcb1-dev                         1.14-3ubuntu3                            deb        
libxcomposite1                      1:0.4.5-1build2                          deb        
libxdmcp-dev                        1:1.1.3-0ubuntu5                         deb        
libxdmcp6                           1:1.1.3-0ubuntu5                         deb        
libxext6                            2:1.3.4-1build1                          deb        
libxi6                              2:1.8-1build1                            deb        
libxkbfile-dev                      1:1.1.0-1build3                          deb        
libxkbfile1                         1:1.1.0-1build3                          deb        
libxml2                             2.9.13+dfsg-1ubuntu0.2                   deb        
libxrandr2                          2:1.5.2-1build1                          deb        
libxrender1                         1:0.9.10-1build4                         deb        
libxslt1.1                          1.1.34-4ubuntu0.22.04.1                  deb        
libxtst6                            2:1.2.3-1build4                          deb        
libxxhash0                          0.8.1-1                                  deb        
libzstd1                            1.4.8+dfsg-3build1                       deb        
limits                              3.3.1                                    python     
locales                             2.35-0ubuntu3.1                          deb        
login                               1:4.8.1-2ubuntu2.1                       deb        
logsave                             1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                        deb        
lsb-base                            11.1.0ubuntu4                            deb        
lxml                                4.9.2                                    python     
markdown-it-py                      2.2.0                                    python     
markdown2                           2.4.8                                    python     
mawk                                1.3.4.20200120-3                         deb        
mdurl                               0.1.2                                    python     
media-types                         7.0.0                                    deb        
mount                               2.37.2-4ubuntu3                          deb        
natsort                             8.3.1                                    python     
ncurses-base                        6.3-2                                    deb        
ncurses-bin                         6.3-2                                    deb        
ndg-httpsclient                     0.5.1                                    python     
netcat                              1.218-4ubuntu1                           deb        
netcat-openbsd                      1.218-4ubuntu1                           deb        
netifaces                           0.11.0                                   python     
nose                                1.3.7                                    python     
oauth2client                        4.1.3                                    python     
oauthlib                            3.2.2                                    python     
openssl                             3.0.2-0ubuntu1.8                         deb        
ordered-set                         4.1.0                                    python     
outcome                             1.2.0                                    python     
packaging                           23.0                                     python     
passwd                              1:4.8.1-2ubuntu2.1                       deb        
perl                                5.34.0-3ubuntu1.1                        deb        
perl-base                           5.34.0-3ubuntu1.1                        deb        
pinentry-curses                     1.1.1-1build2                            deb        
pip                                 22.0.2                                   python     
pip                                 23.0.1                                   python     
poppler-data                        0.4.11-1                                 deb        
procps                              2:3.3.17-6ubuntu2                        deb        
protobuf                            4.22.1                                   python     
publicsuffix                        20211207.1025-1                          deb        
pyOpenSSL                           23.1.1                                   python     
pyasn1                              0.4.8                                    python     
pyasn1-modules                      0.2.8                                    python     
pycparser                           2.21                                     python     
pyparsing                           3.0.9                                    python     
pypdf                               3.5.2                                    python     
pyrsistent                          0.19.3                                   python     
python                              3.10.6                                   binary     
python-Levenshtein                  0.20.9                                   python     
python-dateutil                     2.8.2                                    python     
python-dotenv                       1.0.0                                    python     
python-ldap                         3.4.3                                    python     
python3                             3.10.6-1~22.04                           deb        
python3-distutils                   3.10.6-1~22.04                           deb        
python3-lib2to3                     3.10.6-1~22.04                           deb        
python3-minimal                     3.10.6-1~22.04                           deb        
python3-pip                         22.0.2+dfsg-1ubuntu0.2                   deb        
python3-pkg-resources               59.6.0-1.2ubuntu0.22.04.1                deb        
python3-setuptools                  59.6.0-1.2ubuntu0.22.04.1                deb        
python3-wheel                       0.37.1-2ubuntu0.22.04.1                  deb        
python3.10                          3.10.6-1~22.04.2ubuntu1                  deb        
python3.10-minimal                  3.10.6-1~22.04.2ubuntu1                  deb        
pytz                                2022.7.1                                 python     
pytz-deprecation-shim               0.1.0.post0                              python     
rapidfuzz                           2.14.0                                   python     
rarfile                             4.0                                      python     
rauth                               0.7.3                                    python     
readline-common                     8.1.2-1                                  deb        
requests                            2.28.2                                   python     
requests-oauthlib                   1.3.1                                    python     
rfc3986                             1.5.0                                    python     
rich                                13.3.3                                   python     
rsa                                 4.9                                      python     
scholarly                           1.7.11                                   python     
sed                                 4.8-1ubuntu2                             deb        
selenium                            4.8.3                                    python     
sensible-utils                      0.0.17                                   deb        
setuptools                          59.6.0                                   python     
setuptools                          67.6.1                                   python     
six                                 1.16.0                                   python     
sniffio                             1.3.0                                    python     
snowballstemmer                     2.2.0                                    python     
sortedcontainers                    2.4.0                                    python     
soupsieve                           2.4                                      python     
sphinx-rtd-theme                    1.2.0                                    python     
sphinxcontrib-applehelp             1.0.4                                    python     
sphinxcontrib-devhelp               1.0.2                                    python     
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp              2.0.1                                    python     
sphinxcontrib-jquery                4.1                                      python     
sphinxcontrib-jsmath                1.0.1                                    python     
sphinxcontrib-qthelp                1.0.3                                    python     
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml       1.1.5                                    python     
sysvinit-utils                      3.01-1ubuntu1                            deb        
tar                                 1.34+dfsg-1ubuntu0.1.22.04.1             deb        
tornado                             6.2                                      python     
trio                                0.22.0                                   python     
trio-websocket                      0.10.2                                   python     
typing_extensions                   4.5.0                                    python     
tzdata                              2022g-0ubuntu0.22.04.1                   deb        
tzdata                              2023.3                                   python     
tzlocal                             4.3                                      python     
ubuntu-keyring                      2021.03.26                               deb        
ucf                                 3.0043                                   deb        
unrar                               1:6.1.5-1                                deb        
uritemplate                         4.1.1                                    python     
urllib3                             1.26.15                                  python     
usrmerge                            25ubuntu2                                deb        
util-linux                          2.37.2-4ubuntu3                          deb        
wheel                               0.37.1                                   python     
wheel                               0.40.0                                   python     
wrapt                               1.15.0                                   python     
wsproto                             1.2.0                                    python     
x11-common                          1:7.7+23ubuntu2                          deb        
x11proto-dev                        2021.5-1                                 deb        
xmltodict                           0.13.0                                   python     
xorg-sgml-doctools                  1:1.11-1.1                               deb        
xtrans-dev                          1.4.0-1                                  deb        
zlib1g                              1:1.2.11.dfsg-2ubuntu9.2                 deb        
zope.event                          4.6                                      python     
zope.interface                      6.0                                      python     
